# AskDocGPT

## Description
AskDocGPT is a GPT-powered system designed to answer questions from internal documents. It provides concise answers with direct links to relevant sources for easy verification, enhancing the efficiency of information retrieval and knowledge sharing.

## Table of Contents
- [Components](#components)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Folder Structure](#folder-structure)
- [Environment Variables](#environment-variables)
- [Development](#development)
- [Deployment](#deployment)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Components

### Server
The server component is responsible for handling requests and interfacing with the GPT model to generate answers based on internal documents.

- **[Server README](./server/README.md)**

### Client
The client component provides the user interface for the application, allowing users to input questions and view answers generated by the server.

- **[Client README](./client/README.md)**

### DevOps
The devops folder contains the necessary configuration files for deployment, including Dockerfiles and scripts for setting up the application in various environments.

- **[DevOps README](./devops/README.md)**


## Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- Docker and Docker Compose installed on your machine.
- Basic understanding of Docker and API interactions.

### Installation
1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/DeepakPant93/AskDocsGPT.git
   cd AskDocGPT
   ```

2. Build and start the application using Docker Compose:
   ```bash
   docker-compose up -d
   ```

3. Ensure that both the client and server services are running:
   - Client: [http://localhost:8502](http://localhost:8502)
   - Server: [http://localhost:8000/docs](http://localhost:8000)


## Environment Variables
Make sure to set the following environment variables before running the application:

- For **ask_docs_client**:
  - `NAME=ask-docs-client`
  - `ASK_DOCS_SERVER_BASIC_AUTH_USERNAME=askdocs-user`
  - `ASK_DOCS_SERVER_BASIC_AUTH_PASSWORD=askdocs-password`
  - `ASK_DOCS_SERVER_BASE_URL=http://ask_docs_server:8000`

- For **ask_docs_server**:
  - `BASIC_AUTH_USERNAME=username`
  - `BASIC_AUTH_PASSWORD=password`
  - `LANGCHAIN_API_KEYLANGCHAIN_API_KEY=your_langchain_api_key`
  - `OPENAI_API_KEY=your_openai_api_key`
  - `PINECONE_API_KEY=your_pinecone_api_key`
  - `PINECONE_HOST=your_pinecone_host`
  - `PINECONE_INDEX_NAME=askdocs`
  - `MODEL_NAME=gpt-3.5-turbo`

## Development
- Use the appropriate IDE or code editor for your component (e.g., Python for the server, JavaScript/HTML/CSS for the client).
- Ensure your code adheres to the project's coding standards.

## Deployment
The application is designed to be easily deployed using Docker. To deploy the application:
1. Ensure the `docker-compose.yml` file is properly configured.
2. Run the deployment command:
   ```bash
   docker-compose up -d
   ```

## Usage
- Access the client interface through your web browser at [http://localhost:8502](http://localhost:8502).
- Enter your queries in the UI to receive answers sourced from the internal documents.

## License
This project is licensed under the Apache 2 License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.